[Music]
we've seen how managing woodland and
farmland for butterflies can preserve
the countryside we love and also how
butterflies can inspire the next
generation to protect it but if you
still have doubts about whether
butterflies can make our countryside a
better place then you need look no
further than the humble caterpillar
because if there's one thing we've
learned from them it's the change is
possible this is a brimstone it emerged
from an egg a few weeks ago but now it's
ready for a change
first it spins a silken pad a place to
anchor books from the rear of its body
[Music]
in a move to rival a contortionist it
passes strands of silk behind itself
creating a girdle to support it through
the change to come with anchor and line
secure the transformation can take place
[Music]
caterpillars a little more than stomachs
on legs but that body has served its
purpose and can be discarded in favor of
another the caterpillars head is about
to split wide open and when it does
something very different will emerge a
chrysalis the caterpillar was an eating
machine an identity rolled up like a
sock and discarded this body is for
something different an agent of near
miraculous change and one responsible
for making butterflies powerful symbols
of hope and transformation
this is a sign that something beautiful
is surely on its way the chrysalis is
one of the most enduring symbols in the
natural world
you